# Solidify
The goal of this project (SOLIDIFY) is to improve both privacy and security provided by default in your Windows 10 operating system, either Pro or Home edition. It is intended to harden your OS. It does so by turning on/off some specific features known to have led to several attacks and security vulnerabilities in the past, or that might affect the privacy of the system users. It also uninstalls and disables known services and default applications which are not needed by the majority of the users. Thus, it attempts to remove/disable every unneeded application, protocol, and more in general software that stand on your operating system just to increase the attack surface. Among the applications the script removes you can find the Bing and XBox applications that are installed by default and many others. Some of the protocols disabled by the script are mentioned below:     • NetBios     • RDP     • Unsecure SSL and TLS versions     • IPv6 It is intended to uninstall only those applications that are installed by default on every Windows OS and which are not used by the majority of the users. However, you might be among those restricted range of users that need (for instance) the '3D Viewer' application, in that situation you will need to reinstall the software. It also disables typically unneeded services, features, and Internet protocols with purpose to improve the security and the privacy provided by your OS. For instance it disables some known weak security communication protocols, such as the SSL and the TLS 1.0 protocols, and it stops several services to save memory, power, and especially to reduce the attack surface. The script also disables features like Macro execution, WiFi Sense and applies several changes to IE and Edge browsers.- It has been fully tested with no issue on the latest versions of Windows 10 (Home and Pro edition, specifically releases 1903 and 1909).
